---
layout: post
title:  "Information"
date:   2018-10-16
excerpt: "Where? When? How?"
en: true
comments: false
feature: "/assets/img/us/us20.jpg"
---

You will find information about the wedding, the schedule, how to get around and
other practical information on this page.  The ceremony will take place on
Saturday 20 of July 2019 at the Gardens bellow the Prague Castle (<a
href="https://goo.gl/maps/5QXy6FHM8tR2">Valdštejnská 14, Prague</a>). The
ceremony is followed by a reception and a dinner at the Lví Dvůr restaurant (<a
href="https://goo.gl/maps/sSkRSUzZvdsQyYJ67">U Prašného mostu 51/6,
Prague</a>). The restaurant is easily accessible using the tramway or simply
walking.


## Schedule

All official events take place on Saturday 20.07.2019. Please arrive at
the Gardens under the Prague Castle at 14:00 if you don't want to miss
anything.

* 14:00 Arrival at the Gardens
* 14:30 Ceremony
* 15:00 Cocktail and photo shooting
* 16:00 Move to restaurant Lví Dvůr
* 16:30 Cutting of the cake and reception
* 18:00 Dinner


## How to get to the Gardens? (Ceremony)

The Gardens under the Prague Castle, where the ceremony takes place, are located
at <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/5QXy6FHM8tR2">Valdštejnská 14 in Prague</a>. See
the embedded map below to see the precise location. There will be no parking
close to the Gardens; we recommend you use public transit or walk from your
hotel to get there. The closest subway and tramway stations are at Malostranská,
after which you can walk through Valdštejnská until you reach the gardens.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2456.8966402713013!2d14.405383811518716!3d50.09093382200063!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x81e732b40ce9ee51!2sGardens+below+Prague+Castle!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sfr!4v1549119562276" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## How to get to the restaurant (Dinner)

After the ceremony, the cocktail and the photo shooting, which all take place in
the Gardens, we will move together to the Lví Dvůr restaurant for dinner. The
Lví Dvůr restaurant is located at <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/sSkRSUzZvdsQyYJ67">U
Prašného mostu 51/6 in Prague</a>. We aim to be there at 16:30, so be on time!
The easiest way to get there is using the tramway between the Malostranská and
Pražský hrad stations. The whole journey takes around 10 minutes including the
walk. We will provide tramway tickets to those who need it. See the embedded map
for details.

Alternatively, you can walk the whole way from the Gardens to Lví Dvůr. Be aware
that the walk is quite steep and will require you to pass the security of the
Prague castle. The walk should, however, be very enjoyable and provide a nice
view of the Old Town. Plan at least 20 minutes for this option.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d5119.30859111208!2d14.399814927968885!3d50.092759067710375!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x470b94e1b0e44bd9%3A0x81e732b40ce9ee51!2zWmFocmFkeSBwb2QgUHJhxb5za8O9bSBocmFkZW0sIFZhbGTFoXRlam5za8OhLCBNYWzDoSBTdHJhbmEsIEN6ZWNoaWE!3m2!1d50.090554999999995!2d14.405994!4m5!1s0x470b951f6acc9c43%3A0xe4ae7f0b307a7318!2zTHbDrSBEdsWvciwgVSBQcmHFoW7DqWhvIG1vc3R1IDUxLzYsIDExOCAwMCBQcmFoYSAxLUhyYWTEjWFueSwgQ3plY2hpYQ!3m2!1d50.092906899999996!2d14.3986006!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sfr!4v1561295055589!5m2!1sen!2sfr" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Food: Allergies and dietary restrictions

We took note of your dietary restrictions in the RSVP. At the restaurant, a
buffet will be served with multiple options. The name of the dish served will be
indicated on the table or in the guide you will receive in three languages:
English, Czech and French. Menu items which are problematic for some of the
guests will be marked.

<a href="https://helena-benoit.github.io//contact-en/"
You can still tell us if we should take into account new dietary restrictions of
allergies. </a>

## Emergency contacts

During your stay in the Czech Republic, in case of emergency, call:

Pavel Pikhart         | +420 603 200 260 (CZ)  | Czech, English 
Benoit/Bruno Lefebvre | +33 6 41 51 98 66 (FR) | French, English 

The emergency number in the Czech Republic for life-threathening emergencies is 112.


## What should I wear?

Anything you want, there is no dress code! Check the weather closer to the date
and keep in mind the ceremony will be outside. The temperature is typically
above 25°C in Prague during July.

## What about gifts?

We have everything we need after living together for a while, and only ask that
you share our special day. However, if you wanted to make a monetary
contribution, we would be most grateful, but please do not feel obliged to do
so.


## Entry fee?

There is no entry fee!


<br/>
Do you have more questions? Contact us here <a href="https://helena-benoit.github.io//contact-en/" class="btn zoombtn"> &rarr; </a> <br/>





